Find examples
    uni_stark
        evaluate tests
            fib_air
            mul_air
                
Do they use debug constraint gen or some other?
    check_constraints uses DebugAirBuilder
    prover uses SymbolicAirBuilder apparently. Where?
        get_symbolic_constraints
        print from prover?
            Seems to work well
                Need to clarify the details of what the SymbolicVariable types mean
                    Main offset vs SymbolicVariable index?
                        Is offset rotation and index column?
                What is degree_multiple and do we need it?
Why no_std?
    How to deal with no_std?
Does it store constraints in a usable form that can be taken at the end, or does this need to be implemented
    Return symbolic_constraints from prove/split generating them into its own method that prove then uses?
        get_symolic_constraints already exists, but is it usable or does it require constructs created during prove?
Basic output
    Absolute basic level seems to be working in prove, printing symbolic constraints
Lean output
Modularity?
    get_symbolic_constraints currently returns a vector
        Does this just need to be nested, or are there more advanced structures at play?
    Does plonky3 contain any notion of gadgets?
    How are existing examples structured?


Multi-Air
    Does it reduce down to an AIR, or is it it's own thing
        Option 1: If reduces down to AIR
            Required methods:
                width -> usize
                preprocessed_trace -> Option<Matrix>
                eval -> mutates a builder
            How to decide on a width or a single preprocessed trace?
                Some sort of swappable layouter?
            Naively it seems possible to have an eval definition which just batches
                However because eval modifies the given builder, we need to first lay out the AIRs into one big one and then run eval on that
                Alternatively a separate builder per AIR, but that's just Option 2
            Would allow the use of prove/verify methods as is

            MultiBuider, which seems to do this, is never used
        Option 2: If its own thing
            Needs some way to use prove/verify methods that are written for a single AIR
                Swappable proof combination method?
    Permutations
        PermutationAirBuilder::permutation() returns the permutation trace, analogous to the main trace itself
            What the permutation trace is and how it's used seem to be algorithm dependant?
            AirBuilder has assert_zero for creating constraints, there does not seem to be an equivalent for creating permutation constraints
            Even if we have some structure detailing the 'connections' in the MultiAIR, how do we make the user written eval use it
                Do we need to make them/do it ourselves, or is simply providing the information good enough?
    WHy does SP1 have local and global interactions?
    Either need to be able to derive lookups from raw constraints (only possible if we know what lookup protocol was used), or we need to extend symbolic constraints with symbolic lookups too, that then are somehow required to be used
        Symbolic constraints are only actually used to calculate the degree currently
        LookupBuilder that adds some assert_lookup method, and then plonky3 gives options for implementations
            If we let the user define implementations we can't guarantee what they actually do, so formal verification becomes at least weaker
    Is SymbolicAirBuilder in unistark because that's the first time it was needed, or because it's actually specific to uni-stark? Would it be different in multi-stark? Plonk?
        The is_transition implementation is uni-stark specific (transition window of 2)
    generate_permutation_constraints vs eval_permutation_constraints
        generate doesn't use a builder, so doesn't use the permutation() method to get the permutation trace, it just calculates a matrix that should be the values in the permutation trace
        generate is witness generation, eval is constraint generation?
    So far, each chip is dealt with individually. How are they combined?
        verify_constraints is just called on each chip that is used individually
            So how do the permutation (which should be called Lookup?!) look at another chip




What is the structure? One big thing or lots of small ones that somehow interact?



crates/recursion/circuit/src/stark.rs line 475, sum of all local cumulative sums is assert_zero
    negative vs positive multiplicities mean that this should mean that every send is matched by a receive?
    What about in the non-recursion verifier?
crates/stark/src/verifier always asserts local cumulative sum to zero
    Because this is the sum of all the cumulative sums of all the chips


Unambiguous column terminology?
    Send/receive and input/output are ambiguous
        I had envisioned 'output' containing the possible values, and 'input' being the use of such a value
            But it could be the other way round, a chip outputting values to be included in the larger set
        Do you visualise it as going from subset to superset or superset to subset
            Could we just call it SuperSet and SubSet, SuperColumn, SubColumn, etc?
                Run into issues with the fact that lookups actually work on tuples of columns

Structure terminology
    Circuit containing many gadgets?
    Chip?
    For now I'm using chip and gadget interchangeably

SP1 uses 1 and -1 multiplicities
    In theory this should describe a permutation rather than a lookup, as the multiplicity is how many times an item is included
    Are there 'counts' included somewhere?

Summing all cumulative sums to zero does not pair them up, just asserts that every subset member has a corresponding superset member
    In theory, someone could want this behaviour
        Either because they actually just want to lookup from any of multiple tables
        Or because they want to do their own tagging
        We should allow untagged columns, but probably with some form of warning, at least in documentation
    Preprocessed tag vs witness tag
        Need to track down exactly where preprocessed values are assigned 
            Our infrastructure would need to set them
        Preprocessed superset tag would make sense as it should be a constant column with all the same values
            The user should be able to opt out of this in some way
                How to prevent tagged subsets picking up values from untagged supersets that accidentally have the tag as their first values
                    There should always be a column marked as the tag column
                        There's no reason it couldn't be a witness column if the user chooses
                            The RLC problem with zeroes is avoided by the field extension offset
                                CHECK
            Unique field value for each Chip required
                This affects structure
                    If we want arbirarily nestable gadgets then we'd need to RLC the chip IDs
                        Is there actually any benefit to arbitrarily nestable gadgets?
    How do lookup selectors work
        Is it possible to have selectors on both subset and superset columns
            Naive way of having a selector in the tuple still constrains the 'off' rows

One SuperMultiColumn(terminology??) per gadget/chip?
    Not every chip needs one
        Could have a subclass that has a SuperMultiColumn
            Base class can connect but doesn't have to (so no penalty for being part of this infrastructure but only using one gadget)
    Not a necessary restriction, but would enforce nice structure
        Would it ever be problematically restrictive?
    ID is actually per SuperMultiColumn not per gadget
    Definitively need to be able to have multiple SubMultiColumns

Each chip is just an AIR whose eval method takes a SubType of a Builder we write
    Where our builder has methods to 'get' Vars for all lookup columns
    We need somewhere to decide which chips are connected together
        A naive way of doing this would end up with every chip being connected to every other chip even when it's not used
            How does SP1 deal with this?

DebugConstraintBuilder
    Needs to be extended to be able to include ExtensionBuilder and PermutationAirBuilder
        Don't want places where extension fields aren't used to have to provide one, as would be needed if we just included this Naively
        Prove seems not to work currently for AIRs that have permutation constraints
    Start of tomorrow, comment out and keep going first
        Add later